#Java Compilation Process
Java compilation process uses two methods until the source code can be run. The first method is 
the compilation method, which converts the source code into bytecode. Bytecode is platform independenet,
meaning that it can be run in any other operating systems and machines. The steps of the compilation
process using the javac inside the Java Runtime Environment are:
- Parse
Reads a set of .java files and making the abstract syntax tree (AST) from them. 
- Enter
Create the symbol table based on the symbols (identifiers)
- Process annotations
Scanning and processing annotations at compile time
- Attribute
Attributes the AST which includes name resolution, type checking and constant folding
- Flow
Dataflow analysis on the AST. Includes checks for assignments and reachability
- Desugar
Rewrites the AST and translates some syntatic sugar, which is the prettified syntaxes so human eye
can view them more comfortably
- Generate
Generation of .Class files.

The second step is execution. The class files generated by the compiler are OS and machine independent, 
meaning they can be run in any system and operating systems, as explained above. After being compiled,
the main class file which contains the 'main' method is passed into the JVM or Java Virtual Machine. 
JVM then translates the code again in three steps until it is translated into machine code and can be 
run by the system, those three stages are:
- Class loader
This phase loads the class files and stores them in the memory. There are three class loaders in Java
which is used to load the files. They are Bootstrap class loeader, Extensions class loader and system
class loeader. Bootstrap class loader which is part of JVM and is written in native code, and the 
system class loeader loads code found on the java path. 
- Bytecode verifier
After the class loader loads the class files and store them in the memory, those needs to be checked
in order to prevent errors from happening. If this step fails, then the verifier won't allow the 
class to be loaded and thus preventing the code to run further. 
- Just-In-Time compiler 
After the bytecodes got verified by the bytecode verifier, this compiler then converts the bytecode
into the machine code which can then finally be run by the machine.

Because of these steps, Java takes longer time to run the codes other than other system dependant
programming languages, but it can be run on any machine and operating system because of its special
compilation process. 

References:
- https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/compilation-execution-java-program/
- https://introcs.cs.princeton.edu/java/44st/#:~:text=A%20symbol%20table%20is%20a,corresponding%20to%20a%20particular%20key.
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Syntactic_sugar
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Java_Classloader
- https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_syntax_tree
